Add release notes for Kyma 2.16 (#804)
kyma-project/community: docs/kyma-release-notes/2023-07-05-release-notes-2.16.md

 
## Telemetry

> - We have moved Loki LogPipeline of the logging component to the telemetry module so that it gets installed if the logging component is available, but the component will not fail in the absence of the telemetry module. For more information, see the [PR](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/17549).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have moved the Loki LogPipeline out of the Logging component into the Telemetry module. Thus, it is installed if the Logging component is available, but the component does not fail if the Telemetry module is absent. For more information, see the [PR](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/17549).
```

> Listen up, our fellow travelers! Your schedules may already be jam-packed with exciting plans for this vacation season, but let us tell you about one more adventure that's too good to miss. Embark on a journey to enchanting Two Sixteen Island, nestled in the very heart of the Kyma archipelago. Once there, get ready to discover the latest and greatest versions of Istio, OTel-collector, Fluent Bit, and NATS server, along with multiple Telemetry enhancements. Read on to uncover the wonders of Kyma 2.16!

Reviewer: Love it!

```suggestion
Listen up, our fellow travelers! Your schedules may already be jam-packed with exciting plans for this vacation season, but let us tell you about one more adventure that's too good to miss. Embark on a journey to enchanting Two Sixteen Island, nestled in the very heart of the Kyma archipelago. Once there, get ready to discover the latest and greatest versions of Istio, OTel Collector, Fluent Bit, and NATS server, along with multiple Telemetry enhancements. Read on to uncover the wonders of Kyma 2.16!
```

- We have moved the Loki LogPipeline out of the Logging component into the Telemetry module. Thus, it is installed if the Logging component is available, but the component does not fail if the Telemetry module is absent. For more information, see the [PR](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/17549).
- The following components have been updated:

>   - [OTel-collector to version 0.79.0](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/pull/17629)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [OTel Collector to version 0.79.0](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/pull/17629)
```

- We have introduced support for multiple TracePipelines.
- To improve availability, we have added a second replica of `telemetry-trace-collector`.

## Service Mesh
### Istio upgraded to version 1.18.0
With this release, we have upgraded Istio from version 1.17.3 to 1.18.0. To learn more about the new version, read the official [Istio 1.18.0 release notes](https://istio.io/latest/news/releases/1.18.x/announcing-1.18/upgrade-notes/). 

## API Gateway
### Removal of APIRule in version `v1alpha1`
APIRule in version `v1alpa1` has been deprecated since Kyma 2.5, and its end of life is planned for Kyma 2.19. Migrate your APIRules to `v1beta1`.

## Eventing
The NATS server has been updated to version 2.9.18.

## Serverless
### Deprecation of Node.js 16 Serverless runtime
Because of the [scheduled EOL for Node.js 16](https://github.com/nodejs/release#release-schedule), we plan to remove Node.js 16 from the list of supported runtimes.

For now, we recommend that you don’t use Node.js 16 as a runtime for your new Functions and re-configure all your existing Node.js 16 Functions to run on the latest available Node.js runtime.

> Read this [blog post](https://blogs.sap.com/2022/03/09/changing-the-function-runtime-version-of-a-running-function/) to learn how to update existing Functions.

Reviewer: I'd put purpose first, instruction second.
Also, I prefer meaningful link titles :D

```suggestion
To learn how to update existing Functions, read the blog post [Changing the function runtime version of a running function](https://blogs.sap.com/2022/03/09/changing-the-function-runtime-version-of-a-running-function/).
```

### Node.js 14 runtime removed
Node.js 14 has reached the end of its life. Therefore, followed by the depreciation of Node.js 14 Serverless runtime, we decided to finally remove it from the list of the available Function runtimes.

> Your Node.js 14 Functions' workloads will continue to run, but you will not be able to edit them without changing the `runtime` field. Sooner or later, you must change the **spec** of your existing Node.js 14-based Functions and change the `runtime` field to either `nodejs16` or `nodejs18`.

Reviewer: I'm not completely sure about the [formatting rule](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/03-formatting.md) that applies here, but I assume the "runtime" field is similar to parameter/UI element and thus should be bold.

And I'm not sure whether "spec" should be bold, or why it has been formatted in bold font. Just because it's kinda important?

Reviewer 2: You're right and the "runtime" field should be bold. 
I formatted the "spec" in bold font because I thought it was also a part of the parameter (**spec.runtime** or something like this). For example, in the [tables with CR's descriptions](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/05-technical-reference/00-custom-resources/ac-01-application/#custom-resource-parameters), we use bold font for "spec" fields. But I'm not sure if the rule also applies here.

Reviewer: Good point. I'm not sure either :D

Reviewer 3: We could use "specification" instead of "spec" without any formatting.

Reviewer 2: That's smart :) I've changed it
